README.md, before:

# Password-Generator

# Task

We need to modify starter code to create an application that enables employees to generate random passwords based on criteria that they’ve selected. This app will run in the browser and will feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code that you write. It will have a clean and polished, responsive user interface that adapts to multiple screen sizes.

It generate random password with 8 to 128 characters long.

When user Click on Generate Password Button, it ask user for password length.

If user add desired password length, it confirm that length with user.

Next ask for add number to password. User select Ok than ask for add lowercase alphabet. Respectively going with Ok button asked user to add uppercase alphabet and then special character.

If you select Cancel, it show user a Message that password must require number, lowercase, uppercase alphabet and special characters respectively.

After checking all characters, it generate random user desired length password.

Then asked user if user wants to generate password again?

User select Cancel than end function.

User select Ok than cycle runs again for new desired password.

# User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

# Mock-Up

The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![The Password Generator application displays a red button to "Generate Password".](03-javascript-homework-demo.png)


* The URL of the deployed application 
https://bindi-v.github.io/Password-Generator/

* The URL of the GitHub repository
https://github.com/bindi-v/Password-Generator

Commit message:

modified readme with licence and link

README.md, after:

# Password-Generator

## Task

We need to modify starter code to create an application that enables employees to generate random passwords based on criteria that they’ve selected. This app will run in the browser and will feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code that you write. It will have a clean and polished, responsive user interface that adapts to multiple screen sizes.

## Description

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow)

It generate random password with 8 to 128 characters long.

When user Click on Generate Password Button, it ask user for password length.

If user add desired password length, it confirm that length with user.

Next ask for add number to password. User select Ok than ask for add lowercase alphabet. Respectively going with Ok button asked user to add uppercase alphabet and then special character.

If you select Cancel, it show user a Message that password must require number, lowercase, uppercase alphabet and special characters respectively.

After checking all characters, it generate random user desired length password.

Then asked user if user wants to generate password again?

User select Cancel than end function.

User select Ok than cycle runs again for new desired password.

# User Story

```
AS AN employee with access to sensitive data
I WANT to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
SO THAT I can create a strong password that provides greater security
```

# Mock-Up

The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![The Password Generator application displays a red button to "Generate Password".](03-javascript-homework-demo.png)

## License

This project is licensed under
 
[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

For more about the license, check the above link.

## Contact

* GitHub : [bindi-v](https://github.com/bindi-v)

* Email : bindi.vaghela@gmail.com
    
## Questions

If you have any questions, please reach out to my Github.

### Deployed Link

* [The URL of the deployed application](https://bindi-v.github.io/Password-Generator/)

* [The URL of the GitHub repository](https://github.com/bindi-v/Password-Generator)

#### Thank you for visiting my Github!
